[AGM-2062] Update AdGuard for Android features description (#494)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-android/features/protection/firewall/firewall.md

1. If you need to block a specific type of connection, toggle the switch to the left. If you want to allow it, leave the switch enabled. **Custom rules override global ones**: any changes you make in *Global firewall rules* will not affect this app.

To delete a rule or app from *Custom rules*, swipe it to the left.

### Notifications

> If enabled, this fature will notify you when any of the apps tries to break one of the Firewall rules set for this app (for example, to access mobile data when it’s not allowed). You can disable and enable notifications as a whole or on the app-by-app basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, this feature notifies you when an app tries to break one of the firewall rules set for that app (for example, to access mobile data when it shouldn’t). You can turn notifications on and off for all app or for each app.
```

Reviewer: у тебя до этого firewall rules c маленькой были

> Tap on the notification to access the app’s Firewall settings or disable all Firewall rules for that app by tapping the corresponding button in the notification. Note that if multiple notifications for several apps would be shown, they will be bundled into a single one instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tap the notification to access the app’s firewall settings, or disable all firewall rules for that app by tapping the corresponding button in the notification. Note that if multiple notifications for multiple apps would be displayed, they will be bundled into a single notification instead.
```
